As a house administrator, you may also be a resident. My
Laundry Plan contains your private apartment bookings. Administration is where you
handle tasks for the house. Each administrative action is attributed to
your personal identity, not to the shared apartment account.
The administration overview places important tasks before general figures.
First review urgent incidents, blocked equipment and pending functional
checks. Invitations, account notices, recurring appointments and general information
for your house follow after those tasks.
For a new resident, first define the stable apartment label and
the name shown on the doorbell. Add the resident email address
and send a time-limited invitation. The personal sign-in is created only
when the invitation is accepted, with the correct apartment already assigned.
Account administration shows active, invited and blocked people. Before
helping with recovery, verify the identity, email address and
apartment assignment. Never replace another person's email address merely
to receive their password reset link yourself.
House and Equipment is where you manage washing machines, tumblers and
drying rooms for your house. Use clear names so the calendar,
issue report and logbook refer to the same resource. A deactivated
or blocked resource must no longer appear as bookable.
The machine and room logbook preserves reports, decisions and work
performed. Record observations and measures factually with the date and
affected resource. Existing entries are not deleted; they are extended
or completed by the next workflow step.
Review a resident report and block the resource if safe
use is not assured. Then document the repair and functional
check. Only a successful check with a closing note permits
release and makes the resource bookable again.
Recurring appointments are suitable for repeating house-managed occupancy or blocked times.
Choose the resource, weekday, time slot and validity period carefully. Review
existing entries regularly so obsolete appointments do not block capacity.
Analytics shows usage, utilization and operational patterns for your house. It
supports capacity planning and maintenance decisions. Do not use these figures
as a ranking or for public evaluation of individual residents.
Security-sensitive actions require your current password and sometimes an
exact confirmation phrase. Recheck the target account, house and
impact before submitting. Never share your password or perform
a critical action on request without verifying it yourself.
As a house administrator, you manage apartments, accounts, resources and
technical workflows for your assigned house. You do not create
private bookings on behalf of residents. Other houses, global system
settings and super administrator rights remain outside your role.